Fix(tree): support unfinalized revisions when producing DetachedFieldIndex summaries (#25102)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/silver-suns-shop.md

---
"@fluidframework/tree": minor
"fluid-framework": minor
"__section": tree
---

> Bug fix: attaching a SharedTree to an already attached container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow attaching a SharedTree to an already attached container
```

Before this release, attaching a SharedTree instance to an already attached container would fail with assert code `0x88f` if that instance needed to include data about removed nodes in its attach summary.
(This is the case when nodes are removed before attaching and there is a local branch that forks from a commit that made such a removal or from an earlier commit. This is also the case when retaining `Revertible` objects for those commits).

After this release, the behavior depends on the `CodecWriteOptions.oldestCompatibleClient` value:
* For values <= `FluidClientVersion.v2_52`, the behavior is the same.
* For values > `FluidClientVersion.v2_52`, the attach will succeed, but use a newer storage format.

Applications should take care to saturate their clients with FF version `2.52` (or greater) before using a `CodecWriteOptions.oldestCompatibleClient` that is greater than `FluidClientVersion.v2_52`.

> Failure to do may lead clients with `CodecWriteOptions.oldestCompatibleClient` greater than `FluidClientVersion.v2_52` to attach SharedTree instances using a storage format that is not supported by FF versions before `2.52`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Failure to do so may lead clients with `CodecWriteOptions.oldestCompatibleClient` greater than `FluidClientVersion.v2_52` to attach SharedTree instances using a storage format that is not supported by FF versions before `2.52`.
```
